
Link to map:https://aleccai.github.io/ChengCai-Web/GEOG472LAB1/CovidCases_VaccineCompanies.html


Reflective Analysis: 

  The map shows the historical total covid-19 cases separated by countries and the current 10 popular vaccine companies’ location. The purpose of this map is to show where the epidemic was the worst in the past year and which countries’ medical teams have made outstanding contributions to vaccines. In this map, I choose a basic base map, and then hide the road network, transit network, state label and settlement label. Because my map is in a global data, except the boundary lines, others will make the map look more confusion. I didn’t modify the land color and the ocean color. I think blue and khaki distinguish these two land types very well.Then I uploaded the global number of confirmed COVID-19 cases downloaded from the World Health Organization. Because the virus is harmful to humans, I chose to use red color to show the number of confirmed cases. From the map, we can see that almost the whole world is affected by COVID-19. Among them, almost 30 million people have been diagnosed in the United States. I use "styling across data range" to change his zoom level. In general, I realized that by hovering the mouse on the red circle to display the local confirmed cases, and the mouse click on the vaccine icon to display the address of the vaccine company. 
  I also want to add data on the number of vaccinated people on this map, so I need to add a switch panel to switch between the confirmed cases and the number of people who have been vaccinated. For now, my map information is not rich enough. First of all, the map needs to be easy to find the key information and easy to understand, so the texts and legend on the map should be simplified as much as possible. Secondly, the layout needs to be regular, and all titles and legends and some text explanations cannot be placed randomly. In general, it is to display as much information as possible in the most concise situation.
